7/2006Last
Reported 01/12/2011
Former Address4
4600 NORTHTOWNE BLVD APT
215COLUMBUS,OH,43229
First Reported 07/2006Last
Reported 01/12/2011
Former Address5
6177 DEEWOOD CT
First Reported 09/2005Last

SCOLUMBUS,OH,43229
Reported 05/08/2012
Former Address6
1940 MARYLAND AVE APT
ACOLUMBUS,OH,43219
First Reported 08/2004Last
Reported 01/12/2011
Other Identification
You have no other identification on file.
Employment History
Last Reported Employment:
MGR; ABOVE BEAUTY SALON
Previous Employment(s):
OHIO STATE UNIVERSIT; LONG JOHN SILV
Alert(s)
File Blocked For Promotional Purposes
Consumer Statement
You have no Consumer Statement on file.
Dispute File Information
If you believe that any of the information found on this report is incorrect, there are 3 ways to launch an investigation about the
information on this report.
When you file a dispute, the credit bureau you contact is required to investigate your dispute within 30 days. They will not remove
accurate data unless it is outdated or cannot be verified.
To initiate a dispute online please visit https://www.ai.equifax.com
To check the status or view the results of your dispute please visit https://www.ai.equifax.com
How to order your score by phone
By law, you are entitled to obtain your credit score. There is a fee of $7.95 to obtain your credit score from Equifax Information
Services . To request your credit score, please contact:
Equifax Information Services LLC
P.O. Box 105167
Atlanta, GA 30348
or call
1-877-SCORE-11
If you are in the process of obtaining a mortgage, you may be entitled to free credit score information. Contact the person making or
arranging your loan for further information.
A Summary of Your Rights Under the Fair Credit Reporting
Act
The federal Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA) promotes the accuracy, fairness, and privacy of information in the files of consumer
reporting agencies. There are many types of consumer reporting agencies, including credit bureaus and specialty agencies (such as
agencies that sell information about check writing histories, medical records, and rental history records).Here is a summary of your
major rights under the FCRA.For more information, including information about additional rights, go to
www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmoreor write to: Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, 1700 G Street N.W., Washington,
DC 20552.
•You must be told if information in your file has been used against you.Anyone who uses a Credit Report
or another type of Consumer Report to deny your application for credit, insurance, or employment - or to take
another adverse action against you - must tell you, and must give you the name, address, and phone number

of the agency that provided the information.
•You have the right to know what is in your file.You may request and obtain all the information about you in
the files of a consumer reporting agency (your "file disclosure"). You will be required to provide proper
identification, which may include your Social Security number. In many cases, the disclosure will be free. You
are entitled to a free file disclosure if:
•  a person has taken adverse action against you because of information in your credit file;
•  you are the victim of identity theft and place a fraud alert in your file;
•  your file contains inaccurate information as a result of fraud;
•  you are on public assistance;
•  you are unemployed but expect to apply for employment within 60 days.
In addition, all consumers are entitled to one free disclosure every 12 months upon request from
each nationwide credit bureau and from nationwide specialty consumer reporting agencies. See
www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmorefor additional information.
•You have the right to ask for a credit score.Credit scores are numerical summaries of your
credit-worthiness based on information from credit bureaus. You may request a credit score from consumer
reporting agencies that create scores or distribute scores used in residential real property loans, but you will
have to pay for it. In some mortgage transactions, you will receive credit score information for free from the
mortgage lender.
•You have the right to dispute incomplete or inaccurate information.If you identify information in your file
that is incomplete or inaccurate, and file it to the consumer reporting agency, the agency must investigate
unless your dispute is frivolous. Seewww.consumerfinance.gov/learnmorefor an explanation of dispute
procedures.
•Consumer reporting agencies must correct or delete inaccurate, incomplete, or unverifiable
information.Inaccurate, incomplete or unverifiable information must be removed or corrected, usually within
30 days. However, a consumer reporting agency may continue to file information it has verified as accurate.
•Consumer reporting agencies may not report outdated negative information.In most cases, a consumer
reporting agency may not report negative information that is more than seven years old, or bankruptcies that
are more than 10 years old.
•Access to your file is limited.A consumer reporting agency may provide information about you only to
people with a valid need -- usually to consider an application with a creditor, insurer, employer, landlord, or
other business. The FCRA specifies those with a valid need for access.
•You must give your consent for reports to be provided to employers.A consumer reporting agency may
not give out information about you to your employer, or a potential employer, without your written consent given
to the employer. Written consent generally is not required in the trucking industry. For more information, go to
www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.
•You may limit "prescreened" offers of credit and insurance you get based on information in your credit
file.Unsolicited "prescreened" offers for credit and insurance must include a toll-free phone number you can
call if you choose to remove your name and address from the lists these offers are based on. You may opt-out
with the nationwide credit bureaus at 1-888-5-OPTOUT (1-888-567-8688).
•You may seek damages from violators.If a consumer reporting agency, or, in some cases, a user of
consumer reports or a furnisher of information to a consumer reporting agency violates the FCRA, you may be
able to sue in state or federal court.
•Identity theft victims and active duty military personnel have additional rights.For more information, visit
www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.
States may enforce the FCRA, and many states have their own consumer reporting laws. In some cases, you may have
more rights under state law. For more information, contact your state or local consumer protection agency or your state
Attorney General. Federal enforcers are:
TYPE OF BUSINESS:CONTACT:
1.a.Banks, savings associations, and credit unions with total
assets of over $10 billion and their affiliates.
a.Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection 1700 G Street NW
Washington, DC 20552
b.Such affiliates that are not banks, savings associations, or credit
unions also should list, in addition to the CFPB
b.Federal Trade Commission: Consumer Response Center -
FCRA Washington, DC 20580 (877) 382-4357
2.To the extent not included in item 1 above:a.National banks,
federal savings associations, and federal branches and federal
agencies of foreign banks
a.Office of the Comptroller of the Currency Customer Assistance
Group 1301 McKinney Street, Suite 3450 Houston, TX 77010-9050
b.State member banks, branches and agencies of foreign banks
(other than federal branches, federal agencies, and insured state
branches of foreign banks), commercial lending companies owned
or controlled by foreign banks, and organizations operating under
section 25 or 25A of the Federal Reserve Act
b.Federal Reserve Consumer Help Center P.O. Box 1200
Minneapolis, MN 55480
c.Nonmember Insured Banks, Insured State Branches of Foreign
Banks, and insured state savings associations
c.FDIC Consumer Response Center 1100 Walnut Street, Box #11
Kansas City, MO 64106
d.Federal Credit Unionsd.National Credit Union Administration Office of Consumer

