 insured state savings associations
c.FDIC Consumer Response Center 1100 Walnut Street, Box #11
Kansas City, MO 64106
d.Federal Credit Unionsd.National Credit Union Administration Office of Consumer

Protection (OCP) Division of Consumer Compliance and Outreach
(DCCO) 1775 Duke Street Alexandria, VA 22314
3.Air carriersAsst. General Counsel for Aviation Enforcement & Proceedings
Aviation Consumer Protection Division Department of
Transportation 1200 New Jersey Avenue, SE Washington, DC
20590
4.Creditors Subject to Surface Transportation BoardOffice of Proceedings, Surface Transportation Board Department
of Transportation 395 E Street, SW Washington, DC 20423
5.Creditors Subject to Packers and Stockyards Act, 1921Nearest Packers and Stockyards Administration area supervisor
6.Small Business Investment CompaniesAssociate Deputy Administrator for Capital Access United States
Small Business Administration 409 Third Street, SW, 8th Floor
Washington, DC 20416
7.Brokers and DealersSecurities and Exchange Commission 100 F Street NE
Washington, DC 20549
8.Federal Land Banks, Federal Land Bank Associations, Federal
Intermediate Credit Banks, and Production Credit Associations
Farm Credit Administration 1501 Farm Credit Drive McLean, VA
22102-5090
9.Retailers, Finance Companies, and All Other Creditors Not
Listed Above
FTC Regional Office for region in which the creditor operates or
Federal Trade Commission: Consumer Response Center - FCRA
Washington, DC 20580 (877) 382-4357
Remedying the Effects of Identity Theft
You are receiving this information because you have notified a consumer reporting agency that you believe that you are a victim of
identity theft. Identity theft occurs when someone uses your name, Social Security number, date of birth, or other identifying
information, without authority, to commit fraud. For example, someone may have committed identity theft by using your personal
information to open a credit card account or get a loan in your name. For more information, visit www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore
or write to: Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, 1700 G Street N.W., Washington, DC 20552.
The Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA) gives you specific rights when you are, or believe that you are, the victim of identity theft.
Here is a brief summary of the rights designed to help you recover from identity theft.
1.  You have the right to ask that nationwide consumer reporting agencies place "fraud alerts" in your file to let potential creditors
and others know that you may be a victim of identity theft. A fraud alert can make it more difficult for someone to get credit in
your name because it tells creditors to follow certain procedures to protect you. It also may delay your ability to obtain credit.
You may place a fraud alert in your file by calling just one of the three nationwide consumer reporting agencies. As soon as
that agency processes your fraud alert, it will notify the other two, which then also must place fraud alerts in your file.
•   Equifax: 1-800-525-6285; www.equifax.com
•   Experian: 1-888-397-3742; www.experian.com
•   TransUnion: 1-800-680-7289; www.transunion.com
Aninitialfraudalert stays in your file for at least 90 days. Anextendedalert stays in your file for seven years. To place either
of these alerts, a consumer reporting agency will require you to provide appropriate proof of your identity, which may include
your Social Security number. If you ask for an extended alert, you will have to provide anidentity theft report. Anidentity theft
reportincludes a copy of a report you have filed with a federal, state, or local law enforcement agency, and additional
information a consumer reporting agency may require you to submit. For more detailed information about theidentity theft
report, visit www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.
2.You have the right to free copies of the information in your file (your "file disclosure").Aninitialfraudalert entitles you
to a copy of all the information in your file at each of the three nationwide agencies, and anextendedalert entitles you to two
free file disclosures in a 12-month period following the placing of the alert. These additional disclosures may help you detect
signs of fraud, for example, whether fraudulent accounts have been opened in your name or whether someone has reported a
change in your address. Once a year, you also have the right to a free copy of the information in your file at any consumer
reporting agency, if you believe it has inaccurate information due to fraud, such as identity theft. You also have the ability to
obtain additional free file disclosures under other provisions of the FCRA. See www.ftc.gov/credit.
3.You have the right to obtain documents relating to fraudulent transactions made or accounts opened using your
personal information.A creditor or other business must give you copies of applications and other business records relating
to transactions and accounts that resulted from the theft of your identity, if you ask for them in writing. A business may ask you
for proof of your identity, a police report, and an affidavit before giving you the documents. It also may specify an address for
you to send your request. Under certain circumstances, a business can refuse to provide you with these documents. See
www.consumer.gov/idtheft.
4.You have the right to obtain information from a debt collector.If you ask, a debt collector must provide you with certain
information about the debt you believe was incurred in your name by an identity thief - like the name of the creditor and the
amount of the debt.
5.If you believe information in your file results from identity theft, you have the right to ask that a consumer reporting
agency block that information from your file.An identity thief may run up bills in your name and not pay them. Information

