ts from identity theft, you have the right to ask that a consumer reporting
agency block that information from your file.An identity thief may run up bills in your name and not pay them. Information

about the unpaid bills may appear on your consumer report. Should you decide to ask a consumer reporting agency to block
the reporting of this information, you must identify the information to block, and provide the consumer reporting agency with
proof of your identity and a copy of your identity theft report. The consumer reporting agency can refuse or cancel your
request for a block if, for example, you don't provide the necessary documentation, or where the block results from an error or
a material misrepresentation of fact made by you. If the agency declines or rescinds the block, it must notify you. Once a debt
resulting from identity theft has been blocked, a person or business with notice of the block may not sell, transfer, or place the
debt for collection.
6.You also may prevent businesses from reporting information about you to consumer reporting agencies if you
believe the information is a result of identity theft.To do so, you must send your request to the address specified by the
business that reports the information to the consumer reporting agency. The business will expect you to identify what
information you do not want reported and to provide an identity theft report.
To learn more about identity theft and how to deal with its consequences, visit www.consumer.gov/idtheft, or write to the FTC. You
may have additional rights under state law. For more information, contact your local consumer protection agency or your state
attorney general.
In addition to the new rights and procedures to help consumers deal with the effects of identity theft, the FCRA has many other
important consumer protections. They are described in more detail at www.ftc.gov/credit.
Your Rights Under State Law
STATE OF OHIO - NOTICE TO CONSUMERS
Ohio Consumers Have the Right to Obtain a Security Freeze
You may obtain a security freeze on your credit report to protect your privacy and ensure that credit is not granted in your name
without your knowledge. You have a right to place a "security freeze" on your credit report pursuant to Ohio law. The security freeze
will prohibit a consumer credit reporting agency from releasing any information in your credit report without your express authorization
or approval. The security freeze is designed to prevent credit, loans, and services from being approved in your name without your
consent. When you place a security freeze on your credit report, within five business days you will be provided a personal
identification number or password to use if you choose to remove the security freeze on your credit report or to temporarily authorize
the release of your credit report for a specific party or parties or for a specific period of time after the security freeze is in place. To
provide that authorization, you must contact the consumer credit reporting agency and provide all of the following:
(a) Information generally considered sufficient to identify the consumer;
(b) The unique personal identification number or password provided by the consumer credit reporting agency;
(c) The proper information regarding the third party who is to receive the consumer credit report or the time period for which the
credit report shall be available to users of the credit report.
A consumer credit reporting agency that receives a request from a consumer to temporarily lift a security freeze on a credit
report shall comply with the request not later than fifteen minutes after receiving the request.
A security freeze does not apply to circumstances in which you have an existing account relationship and a copy of your report
is requested by your existing creditor or its agents or affiliates for certain types of account review, collection, fraud control, or similar
activities.
If you are actively seeking credit, you should understand that the procedures involved in lifting a security freeze may slow your
own applications for credit. You should plan ahead and lift a freeze, either completely if you are shopping around, or specifically for a
certain creditor, a few days before actually applying for new credit.
To place a security freeze on your Equifax credit report, send your request via certified mail or other comparable service where
a receipt of delivery is provided to:
Equifax Security Freeze
P.O. Box 105788
Atlanta, Georgia 30348
Or, you may contact us on the web at equifax.com or call 800-685-1111.
The fee to place a security freeze is $5.00. If you are a victim of identity theft and you submit a copy of a valid police report
related to the violation of section 2913.49 of the Revised Code, no fee will be charged. Include your complete name, complete
address, social security number, date of birth and payment, if applicable.
Written confirmation of the security freeze will be sent within 5 business days of receipt of the request via first class mail. It will
include your unique personal identification number and instructions for removing the security freeze or authorizing the release of your
credit report for a specific party or specific period of time.
Equifax offers you personal credit products that enlighten, enable and empower you. Whether you are managing your credit,
protecting your identity or preparing for a major purchase, Equifax offers the tools you need to make the smartest choices possible.
For more information visit www.Equifax.com.